Refactor avahi and bluez instructions (#30)
canonical/matter-docs: how-to/chip-tool-commission-and-control.rst

You can choose another `channel <https://snapcraft.io/docs/channels>`_
to install a development release.

Once installed, the application should be available as ``chip-tool`` on your machine.

> The snap restricts the app's access to necessary resources on the host.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The snap restricts the app's access to only the necessary resources on the host.
```

> The access to host is managed via `snap interface <https://snapcraft.io/docs/interface-management>`_ connections.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This access can be managed via `snap interface <https://snapcraft.io/docs/interface-management>`_ connections.
```

> By default, the snap auto connects the following interfaces:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
By default the snap auto connects the following interfaces:
```

Author: "By default" is an introductory phrase, which is usually followed by a comma to improve readability. I did some research and this appears to be common practice.
